Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal..."
(man on TV)
We have breaking news.
People around the world are
losing their minds.
Welcome to Freakopolis.
All this chaos is the result
of people picking up
Number Cards.
(all) Number Cards?
See for yourselves.
How people got the Numbers
is a mystery.
Whoever is behind this...
Are experts in mind control.
The Barians.
What's so serious
that you had to call
an emergency meeting of
the Imperial Council?
No!
That couldn't be!
Nash?
But that's impossible!
He's really alive?
Let's duel!
Since this world is slowly
transforming into Barian World,
this duel will be
just like dueling
in a Barian Sphere Field.
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Number One!
Behold, Infection Buzzking!
Aah!
(gasping)
Looks like he's done,
so that means I'm the winner!
(Yuma)
You're celebrating too soon!
Aah!
We're back...
and ready to get in
on the action.
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ And all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Impossible!
You're supposed to be trapped
in another dimension!
They're both safe!
I can't believe it!
I just knew you'd rush back here
to see me, Yuma!
I haven't been this happy
since finals week!
Welcome back, guys.
(chuckles)
Thanks a lot.
We missed you all, too.
Look, Yuma.
Kite is down.
Kite!
Kite, are you all right?
Give me a sign!
Hey!
You gotta wake up, buddy!
What took you so long?
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Wake up!
(thinking)
I'll make this right.
(speaking)
Quinton, look after him, please.
Do not worry.
Heartland did this.
I'm gonna make you sorry
you ever came back here
and messed with us!
Yeah?
And how will you do that?
Here's how.
I'll duel in Kite's place.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I enjoyed crushing Kite,
but taking you down will be
my crowning achievement!
After sealing this victory,
I'm sure to become one of the
seven Emperors of Barian world!
To celebrate,
I'm going full Barian!
What do you think
of my new form?
Doesn't it make you
purple with envy?
You're revolting no matter
what you look like.
Uhh!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
Let's duel!
If it's a duel you want,
it's a duel you'll get.
Aah!
Whoa!
What are you up to,
you Barian bozo?
Barian World is assimilating
your world,
turning it into a gigantic
Barian Field.
The power of the Barians is
truly shocking, isn't it?
(groaning)
Astral, are you okay?
This Barian field is strong,
but it will not be enough
to defeat us.
Ready?
You know it!
Even when Kite's down,
he's still got my back,
because he left me
Prevent and Draw
which lets me draw one card!
And I know
it's gonna be a good one!
Hyah!
Kuri, Kuri!
Rainbow Kuriboh!
A useless card.
It can't help you survive
my final strike!
Infection Buzzking, attack!
It's not happening, Heartland!
Get him, Kuriboh!
Kuri, Kuri!
This little guy
may look harmless,
but it's a powerful protector!
Its special ability stops
Infection Buzzking's attack!
Nice going, Rainbow Kuriboh!
You're safe for now, but you
won't be for much longer...
and neither will Kite!
Nash and Marin!
Impossible!
They survived?
I was sure I got rid of them
both a long time ago.
Are you not happy
to see them, Vector?
Of course I am!
They assumed human forms
and identities on Earth.
In that world, they were
our enemies,
Reginald and Rio Kastle.
What?
They were Shark and Rio?
Precisely.
They had no memory of their
lives as Barians
and truly believed
that they were humans.
This situation is bad,
very bad.
If they remember
what I did to them,
they're gonna be looking
for some payback!
Calm yourself, Vector.
Don Thousand!
Nash or Marin do not know
all that you did to them.
Fortunately for you,
some memories still
remain in the shadows.
Vector.
Huh?
You must be suspicious
of Marin and me.
I can understand that.
After all, when we were in human
form, we were your enemies.
We have now returned to our
true Barian forms, however.
And I am committed to leading
you and the other emperors
to defend our home world.
I am convinced that
with our combined powers,
we will succeed.
But if any of you doubt my
loyalty to the Barians,
I invite you to challenge me
right now!
Nash,
Marin and I stand with you,
our fellow emperors!
We will fight for the Barians!
Oh, joy.
Now that that's settled,
we have another matter
to attend to.
Someone is trying to fuse Barian
World with the human world.
I'm shocked.
Such an enterprise requires
incredible energy, Vector.
Only the great deity
Don Thousand
possessed such power.
Who do you think
could have revived him?
I don't know, but they
should be congratulated.
Perhaps it was the work of
a little fly I rescued.
You mean Heartland?
Exactly!
This must be his doing!
With Astral and Yuma
out of the picture,
this is the perfect opportunity
to strike at the human...
Vector.
Huh?
You should not underestimate
Yuma and Astral.
Why's that?
Those two never submit.
No matter what,
I am sure they will return
if they haven't already.
Here.
I offer you my power.
Use my strength
to take them down.
Show no mercy!
Here goes!
Hyah!
Ready?
All set!
First...
I'm gonna summon Gagaga Ceasar!
And that lets me summon
Gagaga Clerk to join it.
It's time to get this thing
started!
Gagaga Ceasar will
start things off
by giving its special ability
a whirl!
By banishing a monster
in our graveyard,
the levels of all our monsters
on our field
become the same as the level of
the monster that was banished.
Caesar, go ahead and banish
Paladin of Photon Dragon
so you can raise both your
Levels to four!
I'm really feelin'
the flow now!
Next, I'll overlay both
of my Gagagas!
Okay, you two, let's build
the Overlay Network!
Time to turn this duel around!
I Xyz Summon Number 39, Utopia!
Strike now.
Yeah.
Utopia, take out
Infection Buzzking!
Wait!
Utopia is not as powerful
as Heartland's monster!
I wasn't hatched
yesterday, Yuma!
You're gonna stop
Utopia's attack
so that you can then
double its attack points
with the spell
Double or Nothing!
I saw you do
the exact same thing
during the World Duel Carnival!
Watch and weep
as I tear your plan to shreds.
I play the trap Overlay Hunt!
Thanks for attacking
my Xyz Monster
with an Xyz Monster
of your own!
Because your monster's
abilities are now nixed.
And that's not all,
Infection Buzzking
snatches away all of
Utopia's Overlay Units.
That means Utopia
won't have any Overlay Units
to stop its attack!
Since Utopia's attack
continues,
Infection Buzzking's
taking out Utopia.
I tanked your plan.
Only one of our plans.
Since you already figured out
plan A, we'll use plan B.
B?
We have more than one way to
stop Utopia's attack.
Check this out!
I'm activating the spell
Stop Hammer!
(Astral)
We have the power to stop
Utopia's attack
by reducing its
attack points by 500.
And now, like you expected,
I'll activate
Double Or Nothing!
Oh, no!
(Astral)
When Utopia's attack
is stopped,
it can attack again,
but this time with double
the attack points.
Ready, Utopia?
Then attack Infection Buzzking,
and this time I won't stop you!
Go Rising Sun Twin Blade Slash!
Aah!
Oh, yeah!
Now that the battle is over,
Utopia's attack points once
again return to normal.
All right, I'm not
playing nice anymore!
In fact, I'm gonna get
downright nasty!
For starters, I'll activate
the trap Infection Medium!
You may have destroyed
Infection Buzzking,
but it's leaving a bunch of
creepy crawlers behind,
and they're buzzing with
excitement to do my dirty work!
Individually, they are weak,
but we must keep our guard up.
No doubt.
Heartland, I end my turn
with a facedown.
Your move.
It will be my pleasure, Yuma.
I draw!
Now I'll play my first
Infection Bug token.
It will attack Utopia.
Why is it attacking
when it's so weak?
Thanks to Bug Token's
special ability,
not only don't I take
any damage,
but I can also instantly
eradicate your monster!
Plus, to add to your misery,
your life points
take a 300-point hit!
Uhh!
With Utopia gone, you're
completely defenseless.
Bug Token number two will now
attack you directly!
I use Rainbow Kuribow's
special ability!
Since you're attacking me,
I can summon Rainbow Kuriboh
from my graveyard.
It will make no difference.
My Token's taking out
your Kuriboh!
Rainbow Kuriboh!
You saved me!
That puny monster
didn't save you,
it just delayed your destruction
by a few seconds.
Bug Tokens three,
four, and five
are gonna attack
one after another
and continue their assault
against you! Ha!
Move out, my bug swarm.
Attack!
Aah!
I'm not finished.
You're teetering
on the edge of defeat,
and I'll give you a push
with Infection Extension!
Think of this spell
as a "token"
of my loathing for you
and Astral.
It lets me summon one
Infection Bug Token!
Too bad we don't have some
insect repellant.
I should also mention
that once Infection Extension
is activated,
you can only summon your
monsters in attack mode!
That means Yuma's gonna have a
hard time protecting himself!
Don't forget that if your
monster destroys my Bug Token,
your monster will
also be destroyed,
and you'll lose
300 life points!
(sinister laugh)
Heartland's got Yuma
boxed in good.
Yuma cannot go on
the offensive.
If he does, he's doomed.
What will you do, Yuma?
Astral and I will do
what we always do...
keep fighting!
Since you brought out
that Bug Token,
I can make a move
you didn't expect.
Let me shed some light
on what it is.
I activate
the trap Returning Light!
This trap lets me summon
a Light Attribute monster
from our graveyard.
And all I have to do
is lower its attack points
by a thousand!
And I know which monster
Yuma's bringing back.
Yeah, yeah!
Master Kite's go-to!
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon,
welcome back!
No matter how powerful
your Dragon is,
it's still five-on-one, Yuma!
Our situation is dire,
but there is still a way
we can rebound and win this.
Yeah, I know.
This whole duel
is riding on my next draw.
We need just the right card.
(sinister laugh)
Give it up, Yuma.
I know what you're
trying to pull.
You won't "Zexal"
your way out of this mess.
See, I have something
even stronger!
Barian power!
I call upon the darkest forces
of Barian World!
(rumbling)
(all gasping)
Feel Barian World's wrath!
Aah!
(sinister laugh)
Stop! What are you
doing to them?
I'm weakening them!
Now they won't have enough
strength to work together.
You're wrong, Heartland.
Impossible!
I'm always right!
It doesn't matter
what you throw at us.
Nothing can stop Astral and me
from working as a team!
Astral, this is it.
No way!
You should both be
totally wiped out!
We're not!
(both)
Together, we will
high-five the sky!
(Astral)
When two distant souls
become one,
the power of Zexal is revealed!
(both) Go Zexal Morph!
You are going down.
Heartland...
it's over!
Amazing.
It's like new and improved.
All my power couldn't stop you!
Your power comes from hate,
but the power of Zexal comes
from friendship,
and that's a lot stronger,
Heartland,
and you're about to
find out how strong!
No way!
My Barian Field's
been destroyed!
It's time.
I draw!
A truly powerful duelist can
shape the outcome of a duel.
He can even generate the very
card that he needs to draw.
When you feel the flow,
duelist and deck become one.
Go Shining Draw!
That is so totally awesome.
Yes, Yuma, it is.
Heartland, it's over!
'Cause I'm summoning
ZS Vanish Sage!
You don't realize it yet,
but we're about to mangle
your master plan!
Go, Galaxy Eyes!
Pick a Bug Token, then
go ahead and take it out.
(growling)
(roaring)
I activate Galaxy-Eyes'
special ability!
Both of our monsters
are banished!
Way to go, Yuma!
What a super move!
They've got Heartland
exactly where they need him.
Huh. So you got rid
of one bug.
I've still got four left,
and Galaxy-Eyes can't use
that trick again!
Oh, yeah?
I activate Vanish Sage's
special ability.
I banish Vanish Sage
to bring back Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
(roaring)
With Galaxy-Eyes back,
you're finally finished,
'cause all monsters with
fewer attack points
than Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
are banished!
Oh, no!
That's right, Heartland.
Since Galaxy-Eyes
has 3,000 attack points,
it gets rid of your Bug Tokens.
You've got nothing
to protect yourself with.
Yuma!
All right, Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon,
attack Heartland directly!
Uhh!
Go Photon Stream
of Destruction!
Aah!
That was the best
comeback ever!
You'll pay for this!
Just you wait!
Once the Barian Emperor's
hear what you did...
Uhh!
My cards!
Wait, no!
No!
What's happening to me?
Vector, give me
a second chance!
I can beat them,
best two out of three!
Aah! Aah!
(sinister laugh)
It is you!
(sinsister laugh)
What was that, Astral?
Heartland's number?
No, it was the Barian,
Don Thousand.
Great.
(thinking) Don Thousand.
Guys!
That was Zexal-utionary!
Heartland hit you with every
trick he could think up.
But you played him perfectly!
Thank goodness you
returned in time.
I'm so happy you two are
home safe and sound.
We are, too.
It's great to be back home.
(groaning)
Oh, Master Kite!
Are you okay?
That depends on
who won the duel.
It was Yuma and Astral
in a blowout.
Flip was taken up
to Barian World?
Uh-huh.
There's only one thing to do.
We gotta take down the Barians.
Look!
♪♪